shelter.
What is a show in this lesson will cover about Shell Hollow shell works and how you grown
command within the shelf or how the environment it's set up in a show.
So what exactly is a show show is like a container like you know,
you have,
like a top aware in your home or any kind of containers that holds your environmental
information inside off it,
it's interfaces between users and colonels or offering systems.
So you have built an operating system,
and then it is provided a platform you to execute commands again.
Ghulam Windows is one of the platform and and now have been is offering system.
When you start up a gooey,
you execute commands by running.
But double clicking on a program so that go into face is your shell.
In Lenox.
When you don't have a gooey,
you are given a terminal show or cli command that is your show.
To find your show,
you could Aronica man like eco dollars,
dollar and zero that would tell you what shell you are in.
And you could also get a listing off all your shells in your Lennox distribution by running
the command cat at sea shells.
Your shell is also inside off,
etc.
Password that is defined inside off the file you and windows.
Gooey is a shell in Lenox,
Katie Eglise a shell and let S h which is shelled Bash sector.
All these are the show that is provided to a user again.
We're looking at this diagram again,
and we are second from the top.
You'll see the application that talks to the shell and then shell talks to Colonel and
Colonel is the one that is telling hardware what to do.
Let's look,
look at our Lennox machine and we'll see how we could find our show.
Open up a terminal real quick and when you do cat.
So when you do echo dollar zero,
it tells you you are in bash So you could look at the available shell that is installed in
your distribution by doing cat at sea shells and tell you all the shows that are available
.
And when you look at Etc Password,
cat,
that seat password and you'll see in my user name,
which is right here.
It tells the shell is all the way at the end that I have a defined show,
which has been bashed.
I could change the show if I want to tow a different show,
but I try to keep it consistent with other users so that what the shell does,
and we'll cover the later in the later lessons how we could talk to Shell to create scripts
and other things to automate our tasks.